Meeting 15/02/24

Present: Lucas, Anwesha, Eliza, Sophie, Malik 

Github set up

•	trees?
•	track ways you've travelled?
  o	badges for those?
•	lists?
•	daily missions?
•	two types of challenge
  o	location based
  o	not location based

process
•	set up Django
•	create user profiles
  o	three different types of user profiles
•	list of challenges
•	Location-based challenges
  o	Location required!
•	make the challenges – what type?
•	Point system
•	Leaderboard system
•	info at locations?
won't have
•	Pokémon Go style AR thingy at locations

Lucas seems kind of confident about making the challenges – "refer to Exeter's sustainability goals"

Website planning
•	Malik said he could make a mock-up of something
•	Login page
•	

from spec: "a privacy policy and GDPR compliance are expected to be part of any apps that are released to the public." what? should we ask the guy? yeah we're asking the guy

By first deadline – minimum working project, I think. Technically operable but can't do much

Steps tracker for points

from spec:
"The player users will primarily be students and staff and expect to use the app through a browser on a mobile device."
"The game keeper users will be expected to access the app through a desktop or laptop browser."

gamekeeper stuff should be doable through built-in django admin page. probably.

we are not storing bank info

Lucas has managed to make it onto Exeter greenrewards, so should be able to figure out the challenges

points of interest around campus? solar panels, pond, café etc.
so the info thing – tell the user how the location meets the sustainability goals

todo – how the website will look. Malik might look into that?

Eliza and Anwesha very busy over the weekend
Sophie doesn't mind creating the Django app and sorting out the Github
Lucas will do some research into challenges/information because he has somewhat of a clue about it and possibly also the Django stuff because we should probably all know how to do that really
Sophie will email the guy about the gdpr stuff and the website host
Anwesha will maybe research the gdpr stuff? Or just. Stuff in general.

Meeting notes 19/2/24

Present: Lucas, Anwesha, Eliza, Sophie, Malik
Over the weekend:
Sophie started the Django app and did some basic URL stuff
Lucas came up with a few challenge tasks
Anwesha googled gdpr
Malik thought about how the app will look
Anwesha has added Alex to the github

Some people to work on front end and some to work on backend
Anwesha and Malik volunteered for front end, Sophie for backend
Backend – databases
Link the num of points to the users
We should sort out what actual pages there are – homepage etc.
Local host – when you do manage.py runserver and everyone on the wifi can see it
Eliza to work on user databases.
We should get like a login screen. Sophie can do that
12:30 for next Monday meeting
1pm Thursday meeting, same time same place. And one on Saturday maybe? Anwesha's not free Tue, Malik's not free Wed
We can communicate over the group chat between meetings
Lucas to work on challenge databases
Keep track of what challenges each user did – relational database.
(No-one took databases module except Alex. Alex has been asked over the group chat to help with databases)
Need to remember there will be different types of users
Location based information has been volunteered to be handled from the front end – Anwesha and Malik

Meeting notes 22/02/24

Present: Alex, Lucas, Sophie, Eliza, Malik
Anwesha can't make it due to being double-booked. Sent a message saying her Django wasn't working and she's still trying to figure it out.
	
teaching Alex how to use the github
Sophie says you can now (theoretically) log in. 
Alex and Lucas made the challenges database and made the backend of the challenge page. Admins can just add challenges now. The front end is currently very minimal, Malik will work on it.
Malik and Eliza do not have significant progress reports due to other coursework.

Malik can't make Saturday in-person, no-one else who's here seems to have anything on.

Sophie suggested an individual challenge page as well as the list of challenges page that Alex and Lucas have already made. And the challenge page will have a submit button that will update the users-done-challenges database.
Alex and Lucas sent the tutorial video on databases that they found in the chat

Alex said we need to figure out what we need to get done by next week
We have the users, kinda the challenges
"You can add stuff to the database and it'll automatically populate whatever's in the database to the page" (in reference to the challenges)

Location stuff? Nothing's happened on location stuff. Malik volunteered, maybe Anwesha should try too if she can get her Django working

Login page does not account for different types of users. Should it? Most login pages have a button to say what you're trying to log in as.
Update: no. If we have user type as a field in our user database you just need to log in and then it'll automatically know what type of user you are.
Sophie to look at user database.

Next meeting 1pm Saturday, same place (DH)

User-challenge table – Eliza to look at. Which folder should it go in, Accounts or Challenges? Update: neither.
A model is like a class for the entries in the database. If you create two different models, it has two different classes – so neither.
Table has two foreign keys, referring to each of the primary keys. Add a date field for the day the challenge was completed. So like USERID, CHALLENGEID, date

Lucas and Alex to work out location stuff instead of Malik.

Sophie has come up with things for the user-challenge table as well as the user table for different types of users.

Sophie says users can sign up
We'll need button for users to submit challenges, some sort of front end stuff… location stuff should hopefully be done by Saturday

Next Monday meeting has been booked, it is 12:30pm

Sophie possibly working on the leaderboard?
We're gonna need to test it at some point

Sophie suggests Eliza maybe assist with front end, add headers and footers to everything so all the pages look the same? Video might help.

Only check the user's location when they ask you to, so don't put it in the user database.

So to do:
•	Malik – working on the front end of the challenges page
•	Sophie – working on the user database
•	Lucas and Alex – location stuff
•	Eliza and Anwesha – assist with front end

24/02/24
Present: Sophie, Anwesha, Alex, Lucas, Eliza (late)
Alex and Lucas did a thing where you can put a point on the map as the location of a challenge and it'll put it in the database
Sophie did the table of challenges and users and the leaderboard
Malik probably did challenges front end

Malik and Anwesha have divided up the front end

Alex and Lucas planning to do user location verification for Monday – check if the user is within a certain range of the challenge
Anwesha planning to work on the login and password

Anwesha and Sophie trying to sort out Anwesha's tech problems

Sophie or Eliza to do the users creating a challenge thing – working with the user-challenge table
We still need to do the individual challenge page. Sophie or Eliza could work on that?

Alex: Setting up an anaconda environment so as to test what we need to run the server. Changed it from SQLite to PostgreSQL (geographic). Seeing what dependencies we need.


26/02/24
What the person said
When you submit your github make sure you don't have trailing branches
If usernames not clear who's who on github, put it in the readme
Make sure we have something more linked up by Monday – that's when the demo is.
Need logging in, tasks come up, complete a task, scores go up. Leaderboard would be good. We need one of the challenges working by Monday, and the stuff linked up (pages link to one another) by Thursday.
Have more of a 'playable' thing
All info about the Thursday and Monday hand-in/presentation is on the assessment powerpoint
We need to fill in individual peer review forms
Link to github – make it open access
Screenshots and an open link to your Kanban board
Product document – what your product is about, what problem you're solving, who your users are.
5-minute presentation, two minutes or so on powerpoint slides and the rest (longer!) on demo

Rest of meeting

Present: Anwesha, Eliza, Lucas, Sophie, Malik, Alex (late)

Sophie's been working out some of the stuff for if you complete a challenge?
Sophie seems to have come up with a challenge page. The user has the ability to create a challenge, though this particular development hasn't been merged yet.
Lucas and Alex made it so you can get the user's location when asked. if they use html 5 browser. Still need to link it to the challenge location.
Malik seems to be doing a bunch of front-end stuff

We seem to have a bunch of working pages, Malik was showing them off
We have a list of challenges
	
Meet this Wednesday 3:30, to prepare for the submission at noon on Thursday
Next Monday presentation 2:30, meet at 1:30 to prepare

Alex is concerned that it might not work on other people's computers if we merge the geodjango/postgreSQL stuff. We could always just run the demo on one of the computers it does work on.
Maybe put the requirements in a readme file

A lot of what Malik's done recently has been added to the main, as well as a lot of Anwesha's stuff, but not Sophie's

Eliza to help Sophie?
Sophie having problems committing/merging her branch. If successful with that, then Eliza could look at it.

28/02/24
Present: Sophie, Lucas, Malik, Eliza, Anwesha
Sophie added a passwordchange option
The website's looking great. It's linked together and everything. Password change, leaderboard (with a fancy animation!), challenges, individual challenge page…
Malik hasn't gotten geodjango to work
Eliza suggested we should pick someone to submit it. Eliza ended up being the person.
Eliza added a readme file to the github with the names of people
Anwesha having tech issues also
Our github is open access
We found an example submission file
Eliza is constructing the submission file. Sophie is working on the product documents.

Eliza has emailed the lecturer about the product documents because they're confusing.


02/03/24
Present: Lucas, Sophie, Eliza, Alex, Malik
Main objective: figure out the presentation/demo
Lucas already has somewhat of a presentation, sent on group chat
Sophie found a website that can host the code straight from github so you can access it online, but might not get it working by Monday
Need to split it up so different people do different things
Computers that can run the app: Sophie's, 
List of things that we're going to do on the website
•	Make an account/sign up
o	show stuff about the password, what you can and can't do? Maybe not seeing as it is minorly broken.
•	Log in
o	go to leaderboard
•	Change password
•	Go through each page to show they're linked
•	Make an admin
•	Log into the admin
•	Make a challenge?

Our signup screen errors don't work. Sometimes it comes up with the wrong error message.
Lucas is trying to make a script for the presentation

Do it on Alex's machine, it seems to be working better. Sophie's getting strange errors.
We'll need to make sure we can switch from presentation to demo without too much faff

At some point we should probably make it so it doesn't make you pick a location on the admin page when creating a non-location-based challenge
Sophie's just tested it and you can just not put a location in for that

Who's doing what?
Sophie doesn't mind doing the accounts bit for the demo since she wrote it.
Lucas and Malik volunteered to do however much of the slides.
Alex will be clicking things for the demo.
Sophie could talk whilst Alex is clicking stuff.
Eliza could talk about the target audience. Students and staff, and you can port the app to other universities. Theoretically.

plan
Updated plan for demo:
•	Sign up
o	Wrong password – username and password as 123
o	Correct password – alex[number], mincemeat7
•	Log in as alex[number]
•	Go to leaderboard
•	Go to challenges
o	In challenges you can verify location
	#note: it doesn't actually verify it against a challenge at the moment it just prints it
•	Complete a challenge
•	Go back to leaderboard to show how it's changed
•	Go to admin page, will be prompted to log in as an admin account. Do so.
o	Admin username is hooperadmin, password is adminpassword
•	Now we are in the admin page
•	Go to challenges
•	Add a challenge
o	 Wash Laundry at 30 Degrees
o	non-location based
	#because we don't have the demo time to actually find Harrison
•	Go to homepage
•	Go to challenges to show the new challenge


04/03/24
Present: Sophie, Anwesha, Lucas, Malik, Eliza
Sophie is having tech issues again

Malik thinks he has an idea for what Anwesha could say in the presentation. Something about what we chose to focus on in our minimum viable product, what we will do.
Malik says gamify the product further – include a challenge trail.

Lucas first two slides, Malik third, Eliza fourth, Anwesha and Malik talk whilst we switch over?, Alex operates demo whilst Sophie talks.

Feedback
good teamwork, good (enough) time management, good system
need to make the user engage more – just reading a piece of information isn't enough
making sure the user is private – GDPR

07/03/24
Present: Anwesha, Eliza, Alex, Sophie, Lucas, Malik

Alex and Lucas to work on verifying user's location against challenge – decide on a range and verify. Range: 20 metres? So specifying a very specific point and allowing for variation in location detection. Add the specific point to the challenge description – e.g. Harrison Reception.
How do we do the privacy/GDPR thing? What date and where it's being stored, Sophie says. Who to do? Eliza to do.
Eliza to try and get geodjango working
Sophie to work on badges.
Someone needs to fill out a bunch of different challenges – Malik?
maybe we should have challenges for spotting foxes and badgers or ducks or whatever on campus. And fox picture collection – see a fox, take a picture! Maybe an extension… Anwesha to look into it, make it so you can upload pictures.
treasure hunt challenge thing? Challenge quest. Alex to do.
Two things for the treasure hunt missions – create a link on each challenge page indicating the next challenge, link on the homepage listing all of the missions.
Sophie says you could also extend the challenges model to do this.
Malik to plan a mission
You need to signify in the database that the mission challenges do not show up on the normal challenges page.
Remember we were gonna display a list of challenges completed by a user. But list of users that have completed a challenge isn't great for privacy.
Add to privacy policy/signup page "your username will be visible to other people" – it is on the leaderboard.
We don't have a users profile page. Malik to make one.
Malik's tech only works if they download everything and then run it, it's not working through github.
We have nothing in validation. Eliza to do testing (once sorted out her tech issues). Make it into a professional looking testing document.

Next meeting: 1:45 on Monday

To do:
•	Eliza – GDPR, sort out tech, testing
•	Alex and Lucas – verifying locations
•	Alex – challenge quest?
•	Malik – users profile page, making more challenges
•	Sophie – badges
•	Anwesha – fox collection

11/03/24
Present: Alex, Malik, Anwesha, Eliza, Lucas, Sophie
Meeting is meant for revision of feedback
Guy will email the feedback to Anwesha
feedback{
Feedback sections:
- Problem idea, introduction
Target audience well-presented
Components in application
To improve: what additional challenges do you have?
Improve UI/user engagement and interaction
Presentation/demo
how is the user privacy protected? Was expecting description of how the user is privacy protected in documentation + 1 sentence in presentation for how met GDPR protection
Group work
good teamwork – during presentation all were working together
and time management
general comment to all groups{
some groups were missing links to repository and kanban board, or lecturer doesn't have access. if private, change to public.
next presentation, have a complete working product
Monday next week, good idea to have full version for lecturer to play with
We need to book a time for the final presentation. Check location!
Kanban – check the work in progress limits
Make sure the names are identifiable or put it in the readme #we did
}
How to do testing – test whether what you plan to do is working, if you are happy with the output then you put it on the done part of the validation
}
Anwesha forwarded the email

Anwesha: the fox thing half-works. Can take a picture but it doesn't upload, trying to fix that.
Eliza: having tech issues but working on it
Sophie: done half of badges
Malik: start of user profile page
Alex and Lucas: been busy

Doing fox, user profile page, should we ditch the challenge quest?, gdpr stuff, badges
Need to finalise the frontend
Need to come up with more challenges/work out how to transfer database. Could do after Monday?

Malik to do GDPR thing

Get the stuff we're doing done for Thursday, then do the rest of the stuff for Monday.
Meeting on Friday 1pm, try greenhouse room else find seminar room
Meeting on Sunday, late afternoon? So Malik might be there. Sort out on Friday.

Monday 25th: 1:30pm Amory C417

Test it on mobile and see if it works? It does.

15/03/24
Present: Sophie, Anwesha, Eliza, Alex, Malik, Lucas
Done:
Sophie: privacy policy
Malik: user's profile page – worked on. got lots of stuff. gamified it a bit. still a WIP – will contain badges once those exist
Anwesha: no progress on fox
Malik: GDPR: how we're storing data and will delete data after a certain amount of time, page saying how the data's kept and a policy. Sophie's done a privacy policy.
Alex and Lucas stuck on the challenge location verification, have been working on it, will continue working on it
Eliza: worked on tech issues.

Alex and Lucas spotted we should probably have a map! Like when you click on the location challenges. Anwesha to look into?
Badges – Sophie – emojis instead of small images for ease – shouldn't take too long
Anwesha – fox – working on uploading
Eliza to work with Sophie on the map?
Eliza now has working tech (Lucas helped) (it runs now!)
Main issue with location verification, that will probably also show up with the map, is finding a way to pull the challenge location and put it in the javascript
Malik found a way to get around the issue. So Alex and Lucas to work on the map, leaving Sophie on badges and Eliza to do testing – verification column! Eliza on a fresh machine so testing should work great.
Sophie, after badges, to do 'how to transfer Alex the database' and maybe then populating with challenges. If she has spare time.
Anwesha, when done with fox challenge, help Malik with final front end – user profile, listing challenges and users, etc.

18/03/24
Lecturer fiddling around with our program
"You finish and you have zero points?"
Poster – Ele page, assessment, group submission, sprint 2, template for poster
Lecturer looking at testing
You want to move some of the specification items
Login page not done? being tested
Comment section of each bit of code – should have contributors. If it was done by Alex and Lucas, need to comment it.
Poster:
Homescreen (on mobile)
Features of application – normal user, location, location verification
You are pitching your application
Business value or problem that led to development of solution
Numbers – numbers of users?
UK has 50% of people not knowing sustainability or something like that – research. Where does your application fit in
What we expect this issue to do in the future – projected impact of application
Application logo
Tell us about your application
Group website
like usual, 2mins, 3mins demo
(back on messing around with our project)
Should include the location for your presentation
Please create one location-based challenge for the presentation
Website should have a mobile version of it

Eliza having testing problems

Meeting tomorrow (Tuesday) then meeting and submit on Wednesday
Tuesday: 12:30, usual place
Wednesday 1:30

Malik to make a list of challenges? Then Sophie to put in the challenges. What they are, location, why they are good for the environment or whatever. Put them in a readme? Anyone who wants to can make challenges actually, open to anyone
Sophie thinks she's found a way to transfer the database

Eliza to do the validation, currently fixing tech issues


19/03/24
Present: Anwesha, Alex, Lucas, Sophie, Eliza, Malik
Sophie's done badges and pushed it
Alex and Lucas have just done the map
Eliza doing testing
Anwesha, Malik no updates
Malik still working on user's profile page. Need to make it look nicer on phone.

Check if we need to host the website

Need to put comments in code! Alex and Lucas specifically need to

User engagement – fox idea

Logo – a leaf with a circle round it and an M for Masale? Alex to work on that.
Eliza to do poster
Do we need to do documentation?

Example submission on the ELE for sprint 2 is the same as the one for sprint 1. Eliza has emailed the lecturer about it

Malik's device is blocking the website because it's insecure

Sophie to help Anwesha with the fox challenge
Lucas to do comments

Sophie to work on document things – can be adapted tomorrow if necessary


20/03/24
Present: Lucas, Malik, Anwesha, Eliza, Sophie, Alex

Anwesha working on hosting the website, Sophie on fox thing
Alex has done the logo, Eliza put it on the poster
Eliza still in the middle of doing the poster
Logo should be on the site too – Malik done
Lucas working on hosting the site, Anwesha doing fox collection challenge page
no changes to be made on the challenge pages
Malik and Anwesha working on front end
Eliza to work on testing strategies
Lecturer replied to email
Sophie to write documentation, Eliza to proofread and edit documentation
Eliza testing
Sophie making Amory-based location challenge (we should probably demonstrate location-based challenge in the demo)

Saturday 1:30pm next meeting


